I'm joining the studio now by Crystal
Gayle and Caryn Gregg from the Thunder
welcome thank you sorry for that
interrupted introduction you all right
good thank you you know your throats are
all clear enemy yeah we're all by except
fantastic fixtures to start the season
yeah it is a minute it's really exciting
for us you know to be live on sky in the
first game and and to travel down to
bath and to play the former champions
you know is it's going to be a really
good game because we're kind a bit of
unknowns we've got three new signings
and they've lost five or six players in
the offseason so it's going to be
interesting to see kind of which way its
wings okay so you fancy your chances
then i do i think i'm going to give them
a really good game and the strengths
that we have throughout the core match
kind of strength where they have it as
well so we'll be a closed gate will be
people won't know what to expect so
hopefully be able to pick them at the
post okay so obviously to start the new
season but nothing from the now playing
in Barry but it's representative like
greater mantra in the northwest sort of
area as well yeah it's a Northwest
franchise and majority of the girls are
actually managed to girls and we train
in Manchester and then we play our home
games that the castle as a center in
Barry so first home game being this one
day so okay well obviously that that one
is against Sri we'll talk about that in
a little a little while and but I mean
in terms of netball and the way is at
the moment of so this is like the Super
League we understand you've got two
different sides that you play for but
it's a super legal way of sort of
pushing that ball forward and obviously
boosting its profile as well yeah
definitely it's only nine teams in the
am super league so it's pretty much the
cream of the crop Who am Who airplane
airplane in it and you can't and come up
like a premiership league and get into
the Super League therefore the
franchises are all separate like that so
it's a way of trying to increase the
profile specially with this guy sports
and interest in the spot now as well and
to get more people playing it really so
can you play for England as well how
healthy is the spot in the country no
obviously a lot of young girls are
playing it right across it but in terms
of professional level and obviously at
semi pro level as well yeah definitely
mean netball has been rising over the
last ten years and you know you've only
need to look at the international score
lines no England against australia new
zealand and england i've actually beat
and new zealand in recent test series so
it's proving that you know uh you know
the sport is just growing and growing
and the more that we can get the media
involved
we can get it on TV know what the
co-operative been a massive you know
deal with us with a sponsorship you know
it's just great it was of course the
championships krauser old MN arena which
tried site sex up netball Watson
introduce different rules and that sort
of thing in it you know is it a way of
trying to introduce new fans as well I
guess yeah definitely the 20 the world
netball series was played in October and
it's kind of the netball version of
twenty20 cricket yeah you know speed up
the game and get people to take more
risks and then which I think it really
worked you know he was fantastic for the
spectators and you know I'm for the
teams to go out there you know I've run
at them for 24 minutes and no there were
some shock results out there so it's
fantastic for the sport good stuff okay
and so this season then what northern
thunders chances of winning the league
then we want to be ambitious we do think
our first goal would be to try make into
the top four and we've we've not done
that since the super league em start so
that's kind of the first MA and
obviously after you try to make into the
top four then you got the playoffs and
trying to make it into the final so i'll
see you all we could your best fingers
crossed ok the first home game then on
Sunday against sorry if people are
interested in going up so you mentioned
where it was before in bari baat what
can they expect from the games as well
um you know it's going to be fast pace
you know fast furious sri of add an
influx of international players sign for
them over the season look there a newly
named franchise and the old Bruno
hurricanes and you know they've got him
for England internationals have signed
up for them and a few faces from all the
Super League teams have gone there so
they're going to be a force to be
reckoned with and it's going to be
fantastic you know game for our our
first home game but we're hoping that we
can hit the court hard on our first
fixture and hopefully look at their
frailties you know there will be an
experience in the combinations of
putting on corp so hopefully you know we
can make a good win on them excellent
all the best of course and hopefully
we'll be hearing from you later on this
season and you know good luck for the
season of God thank you thank you Jeff